---
title: "The CFP for OSA CON 2024 is open!"
date: 2024-05-24T10:00:00
description: ""
summary: ""
# post thumb
images: ["images/blog/2024-cfp.jpg"]
# author
author: "OSA CON Team"
---

OSA CON 2024 is gearing up! Join us as we explore the cutting-edge of open-source analytics, engage in deep discussions, and introduce groundbreaking ideas. This is the go-to conference for developers who are looking to stay ahead in the industry.

We’re calling all developers to submit their most compelling talk proposals—keep it to a max of two per person. Here's what we're looking for:

* Project Reports: Get the scoop on open-source projects—introductions, roadmaps, and fresh releases.
* Applications: Showcase groundbreaking use cases for data.
* Open Source: Community building, licensing, and innovative business models.
* Data Storage and Query: Databases, event streams, open file formats, etc
* Visualization Technologies: BI tools, operational dashboards, and ways to build custom displays
* Orchestration: ETL, data cleaning, pipelines, reverse-ETL, etc
* Data Science: Tools, problems, hot solutions 
* Artificial Intelligence: Using LLMs for analytics, AI success stories, integration between AI and analytic apps
* Platform Management: Kubernetes, cloud strategies, deployments, observability, migrations, etc.
* Security, Privacy, and Governance: Address today's critical challenges.
* Crazy New Tech: Surprise us with ways to apply storage, compute, cloud-native management, etc., to advance the state of analytic apps. 

The deadline for submitting sessions is **June 27, 2024**.